Update news for 14 08 (#787)
mroonga/mroonga: doc/source/news/14.md

# News - 14 series

(release-14-08)=
## Release 14.08 - 2024-09-25

### Improvements

* We use CMake for building instead of the GNU Autotools.

>   `configure` is deprecated. We suggest that use `cmake` for building from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Using `configure` is deprecated. We recommend using `cmake` to build from source.
```

  Please refer [{doc}`/install/others`] about how to build from source with `cmake`.

### Fixes

* Fixed a bug that `SELECT` returned wrong result when we used multiple primary keys and primary keys included `VARBINARY` or `BLOB` type column. [GH-783][Reported by Jérome Perrin]

>   If this bug occured, the following query retrieved nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If this bug occurred, the following query retrieved nothing.
```

  ```sql
  CREATE TABLE logs (
    id INT,
    content VARBINARY(256),
    PRIMARY KEY (id, content)
  ) ENGINE=Mroonga DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4;

  INSERT INTO logs(id, content) VALUES (1, 'aaa');
  INSERT INTO logs(id, content) VALUES (2, 'bbb');

  SELECT * FROM logs WHERE content = 'aaa';
  ```

>   This bug only occured Mroonga 14.07.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This bug only occurred in Mroonga 14.07.
```

>   This bug doesn't break an index. So, we don't need to reindex an index after this fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This bug doesn't break an index. So we don't need to reindex after this fix.
```
